Standalone use + new provider (#38)
p-bizouard/kubic: docs/standalone.md

# Standalone use

> If you already have a cluster (with another provider or whatever), you can still use this Terraform to deploy all the mentioned tools on it, **iff you use ingress-nginx as your ingress controller**. For this, you will need a `kubeconfig` file to access your cluster. (or your credentials, if so, you will have to modify by yourself the `terraform.tf` file).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you already have a cluster (with another provider or whatever), you can still use this Terraform to deploy all the mentioned tools on it, **if you use ingress-nginx as your ingress controller**. For this, you will need a `kubeconfig` file to access your cluster. (or your credentials, if so, you will have to modify by yourself the `terraform.tf` file).
```

Author: j'ai mis iff pour _if and only if_, c'était pas une typo x)

> If you already have a cluster (with another provider or whatever), you can still use this Terraform to deploy all the mentioned tools on it, **iff you use ingress-nginx as your ingress controller**. For this, you will need a `kubeconfig` file to access your cluster. (or your credentials, if so, you will have to modify by yourself the `terraform.tf` file).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you already have a cluster (with another provider or whatever), you can still use this Terraform to deploy all the mentioned tools on it, **if and only if you use ingress-nginx as your ingress controller**. For this, you will need a `kubeconfig` file to access your cluster. (or your credentials, if so, you will have to modify by yourself the `terraform.tf` file).
```
